bpo-37921: Better handle symlinks in the zipfile module (#15401)
python/cpython: Doc/library/zipfile.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.8
      The *strict_timestamps* keyword-only argument

   .. versionadded:: 3.9
      The *follow_symlinks* keyword-only argument

Instances have the following methods and attributes:

.. method:: ZipInfo.is_dir()

   Return :const:`True` if this archive member is a directory.

   .. versionadded:: 3.6
   This uses the entry's name: directories should always end with ``/``.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.9

>    Use the filemode contained in external file attributes.

Reviewer: Which method/attribute does this line cover?

Author: `ZipInfo.is_dir()`, which uses the filemode with this PR, instead of checking if the name finishes with a "/" (maybe I should remove the "versionadded" above it, and only keep the "versionchanged"?)

Reviewer: I see. Probably good to keep both; maybe to keep the wording consistent you could do:

```suggestion
  This uses the filemode contained in external file attributes.
```

Author: change made in ca5e302

.. method:: ZipInfo.is_reg()

   Return :const:`True` if this archive member is a regular file.

> .. method:: ZipInfo.is_file()

Reviewer: I don't see the point in creating both `is_reg` and `is_file`. Perhaps you could just keep `isfile()` and not add `isreg()`? (unless there's another reason to keep them both)

Author: This was to mirror `TarInfo.isreg()` and `TarInfo.isfile()`, but maybe it's better with only `isfile()` indeed

Reviewer: Yeah, I think only `is_file()` is needed.

Author: `is_reg()` removed in ca5e302

   Same as :meth:`is_reg`.

> .. method:: ZipInfo.is_sym()

Reviewer: Is there a reason why you chose `is_sym` as opposed to `issym()` (which would mirror `TarInfo.issym()`)? https://docs.python.org/3/library/tarfile.html#tarfile.TarInfo.issym

Author: I actually wanted to mirror `issym()` but there was a `is_dir()` already present, and I should have renamed it (which would be sad for backward compatibility I guess). But we can either :

1. keep `is_thing()`
2. use `isthing()` and redirect `is_dir()` to `isdir()`
3. use `isthing()` and warn users of the removal of `is_dir()`

Reviewer: Ok, I think 1. is probably the best, given that PEP 8 suggests to separate function names with underscores.

   Return :const:`True` if this archive member is a symbolic link.

> 

Reviewer: I think you removed this.
```suggestion

.. versionadded:: 3.6
```

Author: This was for `ZipInfo.is_dir()` and still is, I just moved it one line up to underline the way this method is coded changes with this PR. Maybe I got the syntax or the conventions wrong however, I'm not used to reStructuredText.

.. attribute:: ZipInfo.filename

   Name of the file in the archive.

> .. attribute:: ZipInfo.filemode

Reviewer: Can you add tests for .filemode?

Author: done in ca5e302
